new(content/en/blog): release post for 0.23.0 (#200)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/blog/falco-0-23-0.md

docker pull falcosecurity/falco-no-driver:0.23.0 # A specific version of Falco such as 0.23.0
docker pull falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:latest # The most recent version of falco-script-loader with the building toolchain
docker pull falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader:0.23.0 # A specific version of falco-driver-loader such as 0.23.0 with the building toolchain
docker pull falcosecurity/falco:latest # The most recent version with the falco-script-loader included
docker pull falcosecurity/falco:0.23.0 # A specific version of Falco such as 0.23.0 with falco-script-loader included
```

**Please be aware that**: we now recommend that instead of using `falcosecurity/falco:latest` directly, you use the `falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader` image first, then
use the `falcosecurity/falco-no-driver:latest`. The `falcosecurity/falco:latest` is going nowhere, we just want to provide a way to do the same thing but splitted into two separate processes
to lower the attack surface of the running Falco container. Read more about the images reorganization [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/blob/master/proposals/20200506-artifacts-scope-part-2.md#images).

## Breaking Changes

> - Both in the packages and in the  `falco-driver-loader` script now the kernel module and eBPF probe are referenced as `falco.ko` and `falco.o` respectively, before they were `falco-probe.ko` and `falco-probe.o`. In the case of Falco installed using the kernel module this can lead to a duplicated module loaded given that the names are different. Make sure you don't have a duplicated module by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both in the packages and in the  `falco-driver-loader` script now the kernel module and the eBPF probe are referenced as `falco.ko` and `falco.o` respectively, before they were `falco-probe.ko` and `falco-probe.o`. In the case of Falco installed using the kernel module this can lead to a duplicated module loaded given that the names are different. Make sure you don't have a duplicated module by 
```

Reviewer: Make sure you don't have a duplicated module by ... ?

> - The falco-driver-loader script environment variable to use a custom repository to download drivers now uses the DRIVERS_REPO environment variable instead of DRIVER_LOOKUP_URL. This variable must contain the parent URI containing the following directory structure `/$driver_version$/falco_$target$_$kernelrelease$_$kernelversion$.[ko|o]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `falco-driver-loader` script environment variable to use a custom repository to download drivers is now the `DRIVERS_REPO` instead of `DRIVER_LOOKUP_URL`. This variable must contain the parent URI containing the following directory structure `/$driver_version$/falco_$target$_$kernelrelease$_$kernelversion$.[ko|o]`.
```

## Rules update (yay yay! We always improve the default ruleset!!)

- rule(Redirect STDOUT/STDIN to Network Connection in Container): correct rule name as per rules naming convention
- rule(Redirect STDOUT/STDIN to Network Connection in Container): new rule to detect Redirect stdout/stdin to network connection in container
- rule(K8s Secret Created): new rule to track the creation of Kubernetes secrets (excluding kube-system and service account secrets)
- rule(K8s Secret Deleted): new rule to track the deletion of Kubernetes secrets (excluding kube-system and service account secrets)

## Some statistics

35 pull requests merged in, 18 of which containing changes directly targeting our end-users.

72 commits since past release, that was a month ago.

## Upcoming things

> We are about to merge support for unix sockets in the Falco gRPC API with [#1217](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/pull/1217),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are about to merge support for unix sockets in the Falco gRPC API with [#1217](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/pull/1217)
```

> more importantly during this release cycle the community [made a decision](https://github.com/falcosecurity/contrib/issues/13) about adopting [pdig](https://github.com/falcosecurity/pdig)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During this release cycle the community [made a decision](https://github.com/falcosecurity/contrib/issues/13) about adopting [pdig](https://github.com/falcosecurity/pdig)
```

> as a repository (learn [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/blob/master/proposals/20200506-artifacts-scope-part-1.md#falco-project-evolution) what this means). pdig will allow Falco

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a repository (learn [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/blob/master/proposals/20200506-artifacts-scope-part-1.md#falco-project-evolution) what this means). It allows Falco
```
